src/pages/docs/create-escrow-and-deposit.md, before:

---
title: createEscrowAndDeposit
description: Create a new escrow and deposit funds in one transaction (as buyer)
---

```ts
async createEscrowAndDeposit(
  walletClient: WalletClient,
  params: CreateEscrowAndDepositParams
): Promise<{ escrowId: bigint; txHash: Hex; walletAddress: Address }>
```

Creates a **new escrow** and **deposits funds** in a single transaction. Called by the **buyer** who wants to initiate a deal with a seller.

The escrow starts in `AWAITING_DELIVERY` state. The seller must call `acceptEscrow()` to provide their wallet signature before funds can be released.

#### Parameters

```ts
interface CreateEscrowAndDepositParams {
  token: Address                  // ERC20 token (USDT, BUSD, etc.)
  seller: Address                 // Seller's wallet address
  amount: bigint                  // Amount in token decimals
  maturityTimeDays?: bigint       // Optional: auto-release after X days
  arbiter?: Address               // Optional: dispute resolver
  title: string                   // Deal title (1-256 chars)
  ipfsHash?: string               // Optional: IPFS hash for description
}
```

#### Returns
- `escrowId` – The new escrow ID
- `txHash` – Transaction hash
- `walletAddress` – The escrow's dedicated wallet address

```ts
import { createPalindromeSDK } from '@/lib/createSDK';
import { parseUnits } from 'viem';

const { sdk, walletClient } = await connectAndInitSDK(); // buyer's wallet

try {
  const result = await sdk.createEscrowAndDeposit(walletClient, {
    token: "0x55d398326f99059fF775485246999027B3197955", // USDT
    seller: "0xseller123...",
    amount: parseUnits("500", 18),       // 500 USDT
    maturityTimeDays: 14n,               // Auto-release after 14 days
    arbiter: "0xarbiter456...",          // Optional dispute resolver
    title: "MacBook Pro M3 Max - New",
    ipfsHash: "QmXyz...",                // Description on IPFS
  });

  console.log("Escrow created and funded!");
  console.log("Escrow ID:", result.escrowId.toString());
  console.log("Tx:", result.txHash);
  console.log("Wallet:", result.walletAddress);

  // Next: Seller should call acceptEscrow()
  // Then: Seller delivers, buyer confirms

} catch (error: any) {
  if (error.code === "INSUFFICIENT_BALANCE") {
    alert("Not enough tokens in your wallet");
  } else if (error.code === "VALIDATION_ERROR") {
    alert(error.message);
  } else {
    console.error("Failed:", error.shortMessage || error.message);
  }
}
```

#### Flow Comparison

| createEscrow (Seller) | createEscrowAndDeposit (Buyer) |
|-----------------------|--------------------------------|
| Seller creates | Buyer creates + deposits |
| State: AWAITING_PAYMENT | State: AWAITING_DELIVERY |
| Buyer must deposit later | Already funded |
| Seller signature included | Seller must accept later |

#### Token Approval

The SDK automatically handles token approval:
1. Checks current allowance
2. Approves if needed (may show wallet popup)
3. Creates escrow and deposits

No manual approval required!

#### Validation

The SDK validates:
- Token address is valid ERC20
- Seller address is valid
- Arbiter is not buyer or seller
- Amount > 0
- Title is 1-256 characters
- Sufficient token balance

**See also** → [`createEscrow()`](/docs/create-escrow) · [`acceptEscrow()`](/docs/accept-escrow) · [`deposit()`](/docs/deposit)

Commit message:

SEO improvements and branding updates
- Update all 40 doc meta descriptions with Palindrome Crypto Pay prefix
- Fix robots.txt domain from palindromefinance to palindromepay
- Update SEO.jsx with correct domain and Twitter handle
- Regenerate sitemap with 42 pages

src/pages/docs/create-escrow-and-deposit.md, after:

---
title: createEscrowAndDeposit
description: "Palindrome Crypto Pay: Create a new escrow and deposit funds in one transaction as the buyer. Streamlined escrow creation."
---

```ts
async createEscrowAndDeposit(
  walletClient: WalletClient,
  params: CreateEscrowAndDepositParams
): Promise<{ escrowId: bigint; txHash: Hex; walletAddress: Address }>
```

Creates a **new escrow** and **deposits funds** in a single transaction. Called by the **buyer** who wants to initiate a deal with a seller.

The escrow starts in `AWAITING_DELIVERY` state. The seller must call `acceptEscrow()` to provide their wallet signature before funds can be released.

#### Parameters

```ts
interface CreateEscrowAndDepositParams {
  token: Address                  // ERC20 token (USDT, BUSD, etc.)
  seller: Address                 // Seller's wallet address
  amount: bigint                  // Amount in token decimals
  maturityTimeDays?: bigint       // Optional: auto-release after X days
  arbiter?: Address               // Optional: dispute resolver
  title: string                   // Deal title (1-256 chars)
  ipfsHash?: string               // Optional: IPFS hash for description
}
```

#### Returns
- `escrowId` – The new escrow ID
- `txHash` – Transaction hash
- `walletAddress` – The escrow's dedicated wallet address

```ts
import { createPalindromeSDK } from '@/lib/createSDK';
import { parseUnits } from 'viem';

const { sdk, walletClient } = await connectAndInitSDK(); // buyer's wallet

try {
  const result = await sdk.createEscrowAndDeposit(walletClient, {
    token: "0x55d398326f99059fF775485246999027B3197955", // USDT
    seller: "0xseller123...",
    amount: parseUnits("500", 18),       // 500 USDT
    maturityTimeDays: 14n,               // Auto-release after 14 days
    arbiter: "0xarbiter456...",          // Optional dispute resolver
    title: "MacBook Pro M3 Max - New",
    ipfsHash: "QmXyz...",                // Description on IPFS
  });

  console.log("Escrow created and funded!");
  console.log("Escrow ID:", result.escrowId.toString());
  console.log("Tx:", result.txHash);
  console.log("Wallet:", result.walletAddress);

  // Next: Seller should call acceptEscrow()
  // Then: Seller delivers, buyer confirms

} catch (error: any) {
  if (error.code === "INSUFFICIENT_BALANCE") {
    alert("Not enough tokens in your wallet");
  } else if (error.code === "VALIDATION_ERROR") {
    alert(error.message);
  } else {
    console.error("Failed:", error.shortMessage || error.message);
  }
}
```

#### Flow Comparison

| createEscrow (Seller) | createEscrowAndDeposit (Buyer) |
|-----------------------|--------------------------------|
| Seller creates | Buyer creates + deposits |
| State: AWAITING_PAYMENT | State: AWAITING_DELIVERY |
| Buyer must deposit later | Already funded |
| Seller signature included | Seller must accept later |

#### Token Approval

The SDK automatically handles token approval:
1. Checks current allowance
2. Approves if needed (may show wallet popup)
3. Creates escrow and deposits

No manual approval required!

#### Validation

The SDK validates:
- Token address is valid ERC20
- Seller address is valid
- Arbiter is not buyer or seller
- Amount > 0
- Title is 1-256 characters
- Sufficient token balance

**See also** → [`createEscrow()`](/docs/create-escrow) · [`acceptEscrow()`](/docs/accept-escrow) · [`deposit()`](/docs/deposit)
