src/pages/docs/get-escrow-by-id.md, before:

---
title: getEscrowById
description: Read raw escrow data directly from the smart contract by ID
---

```ts
async getEscrowById(escrowId: bigint): Promise<any>

Fetches the raw escrow tuple straight from the contract’s getEscrow(uint256) view function. Returns data exactly as stored on-chain (no subgraph indexing delay).

Parameters
escrowId: bigint – The numeric ID of the escrow


**Returns**  
Raw array/tuple with values in contract order (token, buyer, seller, arbiter, amount, depositTime, maturityTime, nonce, state, buyerCancelRequested, sellerCancelRequested)

```ts
import { createPalindromeSDK } from '@/lib/createSDK';

const { sdk } = await connectAndInitSDK();

try {
  const rawEscrow = await sdk.getEscrowById(5n);

  console.log('Raw escrow data from contract:', rawEscrow);
  // Example output:
  // [
  //   "0x55d398326f99059fF775485246999027B3197955", // token (e.g., USDT)
  //   "0xbuyer...",                                 // buyer
  //   "0xseller...",                                // seller
  //   "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000", // arbiter (none)
  //   "0xEscrowWallet123...",                       // dedicated multisig wallet
  //   1250000000n,                                 // amount
  //   1719823500n,                                 // depositTime
  //   1720428300n,                                 // maturityTime
  //   0n,                                          // disputeStartTime
  //   1,                                           // state (1 = AWAITING_DELIVERY)
  //   false,                                       // buyerCancelRequested
  //   false,                                       // sellerCancelRequested
  //   18                                           // tokenDecimals
  // ]
} catch (error) {
  console.error('Failed to read escrow:', error);
}
```

**When to use**  
- You need instant, real-time data (even before The Graph indexes it)  
- You want the source-of-truth on-chain values  
- You’re building transaction logic that depends on current contract state

**Tip** → For a cleaner, typed version use `getEscrowByIdParsed()` instead.

Commit message:

SEO improvements and branding updates
- Update all 40 doc meta descriptions with Palindrome Crypto Pay prefix
- Fix robots.txt domain from palindromefinance to palindromepay
- Update SEO.jsx with correct domain and Twitter handle
- Regenerate sitemap with 42 pages

src/pages/docs/get-escrow-by-id.md, after:

---
title: getEscrowById
description: "Palindrome Crypto Pay: Read raw escrow data directly from the smart contract by ID. Returns all escrow details including state and participants."
---

```ts
async getEscrowById(escrowId: bigint): Promise<any>

Fetches the raw escrow tuple straight from the contract’s getEscrow(uint256) view function. Returns data exactly as stored on-chain (no subgraph indexing delay).

Parameters
escrowId: bigint – The numeric ID of the escrow


**Returns**  
Raw array/tuple with values in contract order (token, buyer, seller, arbiter, amount, depositTime, maturityTime, nonce, state, buyerCancelRequested, sellerCancelRequested)

```ts
import { createPalindromeSDK } from '@/lib/createSDK';

const { sdk } = await connectAndInitSDK();

try {
  const rawEscrow = await sdk.getEscrowById(5n);

  console.log('Raw escrow data from contract:', rawEscrow);
  // Example output:
  // [
  //   "0x55d398326f99059fF775485246999027B3197955", // token (e.g., USDT)
  //   "0xbuyer...",                                 // buyer
  //   "0xseller...",                                // seller
  //   "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000", // arbiter (none)
  //   "0xEscrowWallet123...",                       // dedicated multisig wallet
  //   1250000000n,                                 // amount
  //   1719823500n,                                 // depositTime
  //   1720428300n,                                 // maturityTime
  //   0n,                                          // disputeStartTime
  //   1,                                           // state (1 = AWAITING_DELIVERY)
  //   false,                                       // buyerCancelRequested
  //   false,                                       // sellerCancelRequested
  //   18                                           // tokenDecimals
  // ]
} catch (error) {
  console.error('Failed to read escrow:', error);
}
```

**When to use**  
- You need instant, real-time data (even before The Graph indexes it)  
- You want the source-of-truth on-chain values  
- You’re building transaction logic that depends on current contract state

**Tip** → For a cleaner, typed version use `getEscrowByIdParsed()` instead.
