src/pages/docs/get-escrow-detail.md, before:

---
title: getEscrowDetail
description: Fetch detailed escrow data from the subgraph including all related information
---

```ts
async getEscrowDetail(escrowId: string): Promise<EscrowDetail | null>
```

Queries the subgraph to retrieve comprehensive details about a specific escrow, including dispute messages and transaction history.

#### Parameters
- `escrowId: string` – The escrow ID to fetch

#### Returns
`Promise<EscrowDetail | null>` – Detailed escrow object or null if not found

```ts
import { createPalindromeSDK } from '@/lib/createSDK';

const { sdk } = await connectAndInitSDK();

const detail = await sdk.getEscrowDetail("42");

if (detail) {
  console.log(`Escrow #${detail.id}`);
  console.log(`  Buyer: ${detail.buyer}`);
  console.log(`  Seller: ${detail.seller}`);
  console.log(`  Amount: ${detail.amount}`);
  console.log(`  State: ${detail.state}`);
  console.log(`  Created: ${detail.createdAt}`);

  if (detail.disputeMessages?.length) {
    console.log(`  Dispute messages: ${detail.disputeMessages.length}`);
  }
} else {
  console.log("Escrow not found");
}
```

#### Use Cases
- Display full escrow details page
- Review dispute history and evidence
- Audit transaction timeline

#### Related Methods
- [`getEscrowById()`](/docs/get-escrow-by-id) – Get raw on-chain data
- [`getEscrowByIdParsed()`](/docs/get-escrow-by-id-parsed) – Get parsed on-chain data
- [`getDisputeMessages()`](/docs/get-dispute-messages) – Get dispute messages only

Commit message:

SEO improvements and branding updates
- Update all 40 doc meta descriptions with Palindrome Crypto Pay prefix
- Fix robots.txt domain from palindromefinance to palindromepay
- Update SEO.jsx with correct domain and Twitter handle
- Regenerate sitemap with 42 pages

src/pages/docs/get-escrow-detail.md, after:

---
title: getEscrowDetail
description: "Palindrome Crypto Pay: Fetch detailed escrow data from the subgraph including all related information, dispute history, and transaction events."
---

```ts
async getEscrowDetail(escrowId: string): Promise<EscrowDetail | null>
```

Queries the subgraph to retrieve comprehensive details about a specific escrow, including dispute messages and transaction history.

#### Parameters
- `escrowId: string` – The escrow ID to fetch

#### Returns
`Promise<EscrowDetail | null>` – Detailed escrow object or null if not found

```ts
import { createPalindromeSDK } from '@/lib/createSDK';

const { sdk } = await connectAndInitSDK();

const detail = await sdk.getEscrowDetail("42");

if (detail) {
  console.log(`Escrow #${detail.id}`);
  console.log(`  Buyer: ${detail.buyer}`);
  console.log(`  Seller: ${detail.seller}`);
  console.log(`  Amount: ${detail.amount}`);
  console.log(`  State: ${detail.state}`);
  console.log(`  Created: ${detail.createdAt}`);

  if (detail.disputeMessages?.length) {
    console.log(`  Dispute messages: ${detail.disputeMessages.length}`);
  }
} else {
  console.log("Escrow not found");
}
```

#### Use Cases
- Display full escrow details page
- Review dispute history and evidence
- Audit transaction timeline

#### Related Methods
- [`getEscrowById()`](/docs/get-escrow-by-id) – Get raw on-chain data
- [`getEscrowByIdParsed()`](/docs/get-escrow-by-id-parsed) – Get parsed on-chain data
- [`getDisputeMessages()`](/docs/get-dispute-messages) – Get dispute messages only
