src/pages/docs/sign-wallet-authorization.md, before:

---
title: signWalletAuthorization
description: Sign EIP-712 wallet authorization for escrow multisig operations
---

```ts
async signWalletAuthorization(
  walletClient: WalletClient,
  walletAddress: Address,
  escrowId: bigint
): Promise<Hex>
```

Signs an EIP-712 typed message authorizing a participant (buyer, seller, or arbiter) for the escrow's 2-of-3 multisig wallet. This signature is required for deposits, confirmations, and withdrawals.

#### Parameters
- `walletClient: WalletClient` – The participant's connected wallet
- `walletAddress: Address` – The escrow's dedicated wallet address
- `escrowId: bigint` – The escrow ID

#### Returns
`Promise<Hex>` – 65-byte EIP-712 signature

```ts
import { createPalindromeSDK } from '@/lib/createSDK';

const { sdk, walletClient } = await connectAndInitSDK();

// Get escrow to find wallet address
const escrow = await sdk.getEscrowByIdParsed(42n);

try {
  const signature = await sdk.signWalletAuthorization(
    walletClient,
    escrow.wallet,
    42n
  );

  console.log("Wallet authorization signature:", signature);
  // 0x1234...abcd (130 hex chars + 0x prefix = 132 total)

} catch (error: any) {
  console.error("Signing failed:", error.message);
}
```

#### Signature Structure (EIP-712)

```typescript
// Domain
{
  name: "PalindromeEscrowWallet",
  version: "1",
  chainId: 97,  // or your chain
  verifyingContract: walletAddress
}

// Types
{
  WalletAuthorization: [
    { name: "escrowId", type: "uint256" },
    { name: "wallet", type: "address" },
    { name: "participant", type: "address" }
  ]
}

// Message
{
  escrowId: 42n,
  wallet: "0xEscrowWallet...",
  participant: "0xYourAddress..."
}
```

#### When It's Used

This signature is automatically generated by other SDK methods:

| Method | Who Signs |
|--------|-----------|
| `createEscrow()` | Seller |
| `createEscrowAndDeposit()` | Buyer |
| `deposit()` | Buyer |
| `acceptEscrow()` | Seller |
| `confirmDelivery()` | Buyer |
| `requestCancel()` | Buyer or Seller |
| `submitArbiterDecision()` | Arbiter |

#### Manual Usage

You typically don't need to call this directly — the SDK handles it. But for custom flows:

```ts
// Predict wallet before escrow exists
const nextId = await sdk.getNextEscrowId();
const predictedWallet = await sdk.predictWalletAddress(nextId);

// Pre-sign authorization
const sig = await sdk.signWalletAuthorization(
  walletClient,
  predictedWallet,
  nextId
);

// Use in custom contract call
await contract.write.customFunction([escrowId, sig]);
```

**See also** → [`predictWalletAddress()`](/docs/predict-wallet-address) · [`deposit()`](/docs/deposit)

Commit message:

SEO improvements and branding updates
- Update all 40 doc meta descriptions with Palindrome Crypto Pay prefix
- Fix robots.txt domain from palindromefinance to palindromepay
- Update SEO.jsx with correct domain and Twitter handle
- Regenerate sitemap with 42 pages

src/pages/docs/sign-wallet-authorization.md, after:

---
title: signWalletAuthorization
description: "Palindrome Crypto Pay: Sign EIP-712 wallet authorization for escrow multisig operations. Required for deposits and withdrawals."
---

```ts
async signWalletAuthorization(
  walletClient: WalletClient,
  walletAddress: Address,
  escrowId: bigint
): Promise<Hex>
```

Signs an EIP-712 typed message authorizing a participant (buyer, seller, or arbiter) for the escrow's 2-of-3 multisig wallet. This signature is required for deposits, confirmations, and withdrawals.

#### Parameters
- `walletClient: WalletClient` – The participant's connected wallet
- `walletAddress: Address` – The escrow's dedicated wallet address
- `escrowId: bigint` – The escrow ID

#### Returns
`Promise<Hex>` – 65-byte EIP-712 signature

```ts
import { createPalindromeSDK } from '@/lib/createSDK';

const { sdk, walletClient } = await connectAndInitSDK();

// Get escrow to find wallet address
const escrow = await sdk.getEscrowByIdParsed(42n);

try {
  const signature = await sdk.signWalletAuthorization(
    walletClient,
    escrow.wallet,
    42n
  );

  console.log("Wallet authorization signature:", signature);
  // 0x1234...abcd (130 hex chars + 0x prefix = 132 total)

} catch (error: any) {
  console.error("Signing failed:", error.message);
}
```

#### Signature Structure (EIP-712)

```typescript
// Domain
{
  name: "PalindromeEscrowWallet",
  version: "1",
  chainId: 97,  // or your chain
  verifyingContract: walletAddress
}

// Types
{
  WalletAuthorization: [
    { name: "escrowId", type: "uint256" },
    { name: "wallet", type: "address" },
    { name: "participant", type: "address" }
  ]
}

// Message
{
  escrowId: 42n,
  wallet: "0xEscrowWallet...",
  participant: "0xYourAddress..."
}
```

#### When It's Used

This signature is automatically generated by other SDK methods:

| Method | Who Signs |
|--------|-----------|
| `createEscrow()` | Seller |
| `createEscrowAndDeposit()` | Buyer |
| `deposit()` | Buyer |
| `acceptEscrow()` | Seller |
| `confirmDelivery()` | Buyer |
| `requestCancel()` | Buyer or Seller |
| `submitArbiterDecision()` | Arbiter |

#### Manual Usage

You typically don't need to call this directly — the SDK handles it. But for custom flows:

```ts
// Predict wallet before escrow exists
const nextId = await sdk.getNextEscrowId();
const predictedWallet = await sdk.predictWalletAddress(nextId);

// Pre-sign authorization
const sig = await sdk.signWalletAuthorization(
  walletClient,
  predictedWallet,
  nextId
);

// Use in custom contract call
await contract.write.customFunction([escrowId, sig]);
```

**See also** → [`predictWalletAddress()`](/docs/predict-wallet-address) · [`deposit()`](/docs/deposit)
