src/pages/docs/withdraw.md, before:

---
title: withdraw
description: Withdraw funds from an escrow wallet
---

```ts
async withdraw(
  walletClient: WalletClient,
  escrowId: bigint,
  token: Address,
  amount: bigint,
  to: Address
): Promise<Hex>
```

Withdraws funds from an escrow wallet to a specified address. Requires proper authorization (2-of-3 multisig).

#### Parameters
- `walletClient: WalletClient` – Authorized signer's wallet
- `escrowId: bigint` – The escrow ID
- `token: Address` – Token address to withdraw (use zero address for native token)
- `amount: bigint` – Amount to withdraw (in token's smallest unit)
- `to: Address` – Destination address for funds

#### Returns
`Promise<Hex>` – Transaction hash

```ts
import { createPalindromeSDK } from '@/lib/createSDK';

const { sdk, walletClient } = await connectAndInitSDK();

try {
  const txHash = await sdk.withdraw(
    walletClient,
    42n,
    "0xUSDCAddress...",    // Token to withdraw
    1000000n,              // 1 USDC (6 decimals)
    "0xMyWallet..."        // Destination
  );

  console.log("Withdrawal successful!");
  console.log("Transaction:", txHash);

} catch (error: any) {
  if (error.message.includes("not authorized")) {
    alert("You are not authorized to withdraw from this escrow");
  } else if (error.message.includes("insufficient balance")) {
    alert("Insufficient balance in escrow wallet");
  } else {
    console.error("Withdrawal failed:", error.shortMessage || error.message);
  }
}
```

#### When Can You Withdraw?
| Escrow State | Who Can Withdraw |
|--------------|------------------|
| `COMPLETE` | Seller (minus fee) |
| `REFUNDED` | Buyer (full amount) |
| `CANCELED` | Buyer (full amount) |

#### Related Methods
- [`getWalletBalance()`](/docs/get-wallet-balance) – Check available balance
- [`simulateWithdraw()`](/docs/simulate-withdraw) – Test withdrawal first

Commit message:

SEO improvements and branding updates
- Update all 40 doc meta descriptions with Palindrome Crypto Pay prefix
- Fix robots.txt domain from palindromefinance to palindromepay
- Update SEO.jsx with correct domain and Twitter handle
- Regenerate sitemap with 42 pages

src/pages/docs/withdraw.md, after:

---
title: withdraw
description: "Palindrome Crypto Pay: Withdraw funds from an escrow wallet after the deal is complete, refunded, or cancelled."
---

```ts
async withdraw(
  walletClient: WalletClient,
  escrowId: bigint,
  token: Address,
  amount: bigint,
  to: Address
): Promise<Hex>
```

Withdraws funds from an escrow wallet to a specified address. Requires proper authorization (2-of-3 multisig).

#### Parameters
- `walletClient: WalletClient` – Authorized signer's wallet
- `escrowId: bigint` – The escrow ID
- `token: Address` – Token address to withdraw (use zero address for native token)
- `amount: bigint` – Amount to withdraw (in token's smallest unit)
- `to: Address` – Destination address for funds

#### Returns
`Promise<Hex>` – Transaction hash

```ts
import { createPalindromeSDK } from '@/lib/createSDK';

const { sdk, walletClient } = await connectAndInitSDK();

try {
  const txHash = await sdk.withdraw(
    walletClient,
    42n,
    "0xUSDCAddress...",    // Token to withdraw
    1000000n,              // 1 USDC (6 decimals)
    "0xMyWallet..."        // Destination
  );

  console.log("Withdrawal successful!");
  console.log("Transaction:", txHash);

} catch (error: any) {
  if (error.message.includes("not authorized")) {
    alert("You are not authorized to withdraw from this escrow");
  } else if (error.message.includes("insufficient balance")) {
    alert("Insufficient balance in escrow wallet");
  } else {
    console.error("Withdrawal failed:", error.shortMessage || error.message);
  }
}
```

#### When Can You Withdraw?
| Escrow State | Who Can Withdraw |
|--------------|------------------|
| `COMPLETE` | Seller (minus fee) |
| `REFUNDED` | Buyer (full amount) |
| `CANCELED` | Buyer (full amount) |

#### Related Methods
- [`getWalletBalance()`](/docs/get-wallet-balance) – Check available balance
- [`simulateWithdraw()`](/docs/simulate-withdraw) – Test withdrawal first
